It's JC on the bike, it's JC on the bike, yeah, well I'm wise enough to know when a
chomp needs banning and I know just the one.
Look at round, it's JC on the bike, who says Vader didn't study music in college?
So what I argued, I believe I came up with this independently, but I believe
Peter McCullough has mentioned something similar as his Jonathan Cooey.
One of you guys want to give me a sound check, am I okay?
You know, I'm wearing the masks when I'm required to, so that's the best I can do
with that. I have no particular insight with regards to this pandemic.
See, if you think about it, you know, if we're defining vaccine really liberally and
these COVID vaccines are vaccines, the flu vaccine is vaccine okay, but actually they're
kind of cheating when they're calling these vaccines and you know, anything with really
rapidly fading efficacy such that you need shots within a year, you know, Canada saying
nine months is actually JJ Cooey's insistence and I think he's right on calling them
transfections rather than vaccines.
It doesn't matter much at all what you believe about vaccines until we invent really important
ones, you know, until we have a pandemic that's killing everyone, you know, and you know,
it's not, you know, measles plus, okay, I can tolerate what you think about measles because,
you know, not that many people die from it.
It's just a big hassle in the end, but no one, when we have this new pandemic that
is, you know, got 75% mortality and it's not, it's, there'll be no pretense of being polite
in the face of these beliefs. It'll be a moral emergency because it has to be and this is
to just sheer contingency as to whether we're in one condition or another. I mean, so,
we're going to do it all.
He's scheduled for 60 minutes next. He's going on French, British, Italian, Japanese television.
People everywhere are starting to listen to him. It's embarrassing.
Or what I want is high morbidity. I want people to complain. So what do I do? I go to Des Moines.
Ladies and gentlemen and people on the screen, I have nothing against Des Moines. I live there
for four years. I go to Des Moines. I infect a couple of sentinel cases in Des Moines. I go to
Seattle. I infect a couple of cases there. I go to North Carolina. I go to Wisconsin. What I'm doing
is I'm using a dispersion methodology to be able to infect sentinel cases with a highly morbid
condition. These individuals complain. Again, this is a central nervous system condition.
So they're complaining of whatever the bug may do. It'll produce some cascade of neurological
and neuropsychiatric signs and symptoms. And then what I do, the real bug that I use is the internet.
I take attribution for that. Yes, I'm a terrorist group. And I have done this by infecting with a
highly little agent and the first signs and symptoms of lethality are X, Y, and Z. These people are
really sick with this. But then I say others who are also infected will show subdramal,
predramal signs of lethality and what that will be is anxiety, sleeplessness, agitation.
What I've now done is I've got every individual who is diagnostically hypochondriacal and I've
got every individual who's the worried well flooding the public health system banging on the door.
The CDC comes back and says nonsense. That's not real. I come back and say that's fake news.
And as a consequence of doing that, what I do is I create a schism
between the polis and the public health system. I fracture the integrity of trust and reliance
upon the population and its government.
Why would you understand that you were in the city of the A's?
Yes, two days ago. One side state your seat.
You don't understand Mr. Brown, the bomb is a holy weapon for peace.
Good evening ladies and gentlemen. Good evening. Good afternoon. Good morning.
Good night. Wherever you are on this great planet, as they say, this is a stream brought to you
by a patch climb physiologist. I used to work on a microscope with some microvenibilators
cattered around it and yeah, stuff like that. Not very important things and they were grand
scheme of things unless you really just want to understand stuff about the biology of the brain.
I was involved in a lot of that and that's where GigaOM comes from. A high resistance low noise
recording is what I used to make and I'm hoping I'm making that today again. With the GigaOM
biological high resistance information brief, whatever that is.
I'm actually found at the website GigaOMbiological.com and also GigaOM.bio.
Two different ways to maneuver around and then from there you can find everything else that you
might want including how to support my work, how to download the slides that I use, how to find
the schedule, how to leave a voicemail full of curse words and insults and yeah maybe even also
subscribe and start to contribute to the long-term durability of this work. Like these people have
these are the supporters of GigaOMbiological. I got to tell you
that I'm going to have to do a shout out to Greg James for the rest of my life probably maybe my
kids will too but these people are all seminal in keeping this stream running making me believe
that this work is important and so thanks to all of them and anybody who's not on that list you
will be. I can't update it every day but I try to do it as often as possible as GigaOMbiological.
I'm just going to get a few things set up in the background and then we're ready to go.
So here we are lost on this road. The road we got on almost we're going on you know four years
ago so we're going into year five now and I think it's very important to realize they're trying to
compress 2020 into a year that didn't happen in 2021 into a year that largely didn't happen
so we don't realize how long it took some of these people to speak up how long it took some of these
ideas to come to the fore. Ideas like there was no spread in New York City that infectious clones
are the only real threat of any form in mRNA anyway placebo batches were likely distributed to
you know just kind of screw another monkey wrench in the works. Transfection and healthy mammals
is dumb and we've known that for for for all the the time before the pandemic protocols were you
know they were murdered they they did things they knew would increase all cause mortality
and gain a function is definitely a mythology if the only guy who knows anything about it is
Peter Dasek and the Scooby-Doo is definitely real if the bad guy were unmasking his Tony Fauci
and and and Ralph Barrick a spectacular commitment to lies is what allows those people to be the
bad guys to be the scapegoats and we've all been taken that's the point I'm trying to tell anybody
that who's taking who I just want everybody to know that the globe the globe has been taken
and so if we have any hope of breaking free we've got to figure out who took us oh boy oh boy oh boy
oh boy giga oh biological haven't been out in a couple days I apologize a couple hiccups in the
works here um and I still need to fix my rig um I had said on on the soapbox that um I needed
to change my rig around I actually haven't done it yet um I'm gonna do it over the weekend maybe
tomorrow we had an interesting game today and it was right smack dab in the middle of the day and
then I want to do this so that I can be free for the evening um hello this is gig oh and biological
a high-resistance low noise information brief brought to you by biologist it's January 6th
2024 that biologist that brings you this show his name to Jonathan J Cooley and he comes to you
from the back of his garage in Pittsburgh Pennsylvania it's cold outside it's cold in here
hit 636 p.m. um and I just want to get right into it oh yeah that's right we don't need that
because we're gonna go out and I'm gonna get a different slide deck out uh I have been changing
slide decks lately at the beginning because um it just keeps these things down to a minimum
in terms of memory space and it makes everything run a little smoother at least whoops
at least from the perspective of my end and I hope it also makes the video smoother for you guys so
here we go we'll do this one now um so this is gig oh and biological the safest way to get biology
in your head shout out to Jeff and Cara in Canada um another of my longtime supporters we like to
tell everybody that's joining us for the first time that the pandemic was created by a by making us
participate in a Scooby-Doo mystery Scooby-Doo is a story about teenagers that solve mysteries
with their great big dog and usually they solve the mystery by trapping a monster and then taking
his mask off to find that he's one of the characters they met earlier in the story
and so the argument of course is that this faith in a novel virus is something that was also
ceded very early on because if you buy into their Scooby-Doo mystery then you also buy
into the existence of the monsters in that story and in this case the evil doers have been given
to us by the tv and by social media as people who have been covering up a lab leak and in this
scenario we've been led to believe indeed that this is confirmation again that we've used a
vaccine to successfully defeat epidemics and disease in the past its evidence that novel
coronavirus can jump its evidence that PCR isn't that bad and that asymptomatic spread is real
its evidence that variants spread around and that you can see the evolution from a single
SARS virus to all these different dominant variants and it says that we spent money on
gain of function research in the past and we're doing it now and we're going to do it again
our children are on this train and we don't want them to be on this train and the reason why I got
to using this train as a metaphor is because of this train as a metaphor how do I do this I do
that first right yeah and in this train metaphor this sorry in this train metaphor this I believe
is Italian this clever Italian guy is pretending to stop this train with sheer force and will
and then also assist the train in starting again and he even chalks his hands up between
and my argument is that in this pandemic exercise there were people who were co-opted
early on and people that were present early on to make sure that certain key events happened
so that current that certain let's say landmarks could be reached in the narrative of the pandemic
so that this collectively could happen now the question becomes of course is this
exercise a result of the exquisite preparedness of nation states around the world after years and
years of drilling these exercises that when the red alert was declared and the who said that
there was a pandemic of a coronavirus and that the enactment of these plans resulted in a great
overreaction and a great stumbling forward and a great waste of money and a great many mistakes
being made but in the end this is what we had to do because if it was the worst case scenario
things would have this whatever we did would have helped a lot more that's the argument that I
think even the participants in the story still believe but my argument here and the use of this
narrative is the idea that these scripted arguments were carefully chosen and actors and
co-opted participants were were in place early on so that these issues these limited spectrums
of debate would be the lively pushback that the populace could see on the tv and see on social
media and rest assured that that something was happening and it made sense and these people were
doing what they could and so the more people that you have lined up against that train
pretending that they need to stop it the more likely it is that the people who are observing
it are going to believe that that illusion is occurring and so if the goal of these these
supernational organizations and supernational forces that are running this show using the
five eyes countries and the United States and Canada and and European countries as puppets or
or Canada's puppets or or China's puppets who knows who's doing it but whoever is doing it has assured
that there are people in place to make sure that the the central mythology that they want to be in
place by the end of this exercise is not questioned by any of the spectrum of limited
debate and the lively debate within that spectrum so that the presuppositions of the state or the
supernational weaponized piles of money are reinforced by the narrative and that the narrative itself
the mythology is left over even after the limited spectrum of debate happens and it's very vigorous
and people get angry and righteously so and at the end they're both arguing and when the argument
is over they agree again that that's what happened and one of the most beautiful additions to this
and I apologize for the blower in the background but again I am in the back of my garage I do need
a heater the beauty of this these hydroxychloroquine and ivermectin discussions
was the presupposition built into that which is that there is something novel circulating that
would require the application of a otherwise something that you do not use it and in this case
very cleverly I think too largely underutilized should be standard in your medicine cabinet type
pharmaceuticals or nutraceuticals or whatever these things are they they they chose these because
there would be a lot of possibility for confusion here with very little danger
of there being any you know it just is going to add more confusion and all the while the debate
about this doesn't question again the novel virus etc and so the two main proponents of ivermectin
rpr and brat and the main proponent of hydroxychloroquine now and someone was writing a book about it
is named steven um and all of these people don't seem to be able to figure out that the mystery
virus requires excess deaths and you have to do math to calculate excess deaths you can't just
look at this picture and take somebody's word for it that this represents a mystery virus
especially again when you look at all cause mortality and how uh what this is is of course the
detected flu deaths and then this is pneumonia which we've had a pretty good handle on for the
last couple decades and then suddenly it triples and quadruples in in numbers so what is this really
and again the point is is that with all the fear and certainty doubt and confusion with
regards to the worst case scenario and with regard to the application of do not resuscitate orders
to to prevent spread to you know to use ventilators to prevent spread the lack of antibiotic use
because it's not appropriate for viruses the you know poor use of steroids remdesivir and
medazolam being applied to these people opioid deaths being allowed to run skyrocket up
and deaths certificate fraud having all around the united states and financial incentives were
there to do so and even the use of track and trace and the spending of millions if not billions of
dollars on that as well as masks and closures and iPads and mandates that people fought about
that didn't argue about well wait what why are there excess deaths in the first place is it
really a virus or are we just killing these people by putting tubes that don't need or giving
them drugs that don't work and so of course on top of all of this there was PCR fraud lateral
flow test fraud and probably sequencing fraud that's why they didn't want all the thousands of
academic labs at all the universities around the united states to do any sequencing even
though they knew how they could do it no testing we can't do any testing on lab benches that would
be crazy it's a highly contagious virus we got to send it all to one place
and so no one still to this day is really just hitting the home run you don't have to
head you don't have to say a bunch of stuff there's no evidence of spread in new york city
we can't even find the 20 000 bodies that are supposed to have come in four weeks
not only that but we've conveniently avoided all kinds of Medicare costs in the coming year by
reducing the lifespan of all these people by killing all these old people just because we treated
them differently than we normally would and all the while nobody uses the word strict liability
in terms of applying legal principles to a vaccine and no one talks about strict liability with
regard to applying it to a transfection they want you to believe that all transfections
are safe proven safe by the billions of doses they've given out and no one ever talks about
any of this being a seventh amendment violation in the sense of you can't challenge this in a
regular court you've got to go through some kind of special kangaroo court administrative court
no one talks about getting rid of the prep act no one talks about getting rid of the 1986
vaccine act no one runs on that and no one questions the existence of a novel virus that killed
millions of people what millions more were saved from no one questions the likelihood that it came
from a gain a function lab and no one questions the likelihood that it will come again we're
making pandemic treaties with the who which presuppose that the virus or any more viruses
will come forever and so you got to see gnome said it out loud because that's what they got to do
they got to tell you the truth otherwise it's not fair they don't feel like they're doing it
honorably as they enslave your children they won't feel like they're doing it honorably if they if
if you if they don't tell you the truth and so they've been telling us the truth we just haven't been
reading the books ladies and gentlemen we haven't been taking notes we haven't been listening we've
been too busy building remote control helicopters and and filling our houses with useless things
and i'm totally guilty of this i'm not saying i'm not guilty of this this is me talking about
myself and so how the pandemic was created it was a long time guys it was a long time it was
scientific programs designed to lay the foundation of pandemic potential it was cutting edge level
high level exercises um with secret meetings and secret groups of people with badges and stuff
like that talking about what to do during a pandemic crisis or how it might happen or how
a bioterrorist might do it and seating mass casualty events at the start of the pandemic they could
have been used by pbs news hour and by sage in the uk to use as a projection to say that we're
going to worst case scenario and then you have a bunch of people in place depending on how well
the the show goes you might need people on network news and on facebook and on on instagram and
and and media influencers maybe you want to talk to a few people in hollywood and make sure the
team worst case scenario is there not to question the virus but instead to make sure that people
associate certain side effects certain additional effects respiratory disease that they expect to
have from the transfection and so any cardiac effects are bonus any any any talk about cardiac
effects any talk about uh systemic things any talk that that belies a sort of you know
bouquet of of additional injuries his perfect for seating the narrative that eventually came out
about a year later where the spike protein was the the center thing to focus on and i got sucked
into that like you can't believe the idea that they only they only modified the spike protein and
then made a a synthetic virus was all implanted in the literature it all seemed perfect
but then at some point it became very obvious that that left them a huge out as they transfected
people because then they could blame all of the side effects of the transfection on this
who maybe it's again a function protein maybe we should see that at the beginning of the narrative
and make sure that there are crazy people on all social media platforms talking about that
possibility maybe we should release a paper and then and then retract it
maybe we should release a pre-print and then retract it hinting at a a spike protein that was
tinkered like a watchmaker and then if you co-opt some people at the beginning of the narrative
to make sure that the people who were there to experience the truth told the real truth on
television the real truth that the operators the the weaponized piles of money that are running
this show that that they wanted were under the assumption that this is a national security priority
operation that limited their their ability to speak out in public left them with little option
other than participation or opting out and shutting up
and so the the narrative was primarily designed to confound a the toxicity of a virus maybe one that
was not even circulating for the most part to confound those effects with transfection
and that would allow them to then say that rolling out so many doses and just blindly ignoring
VAERS allows them to set up this idea that transfection proved successful
and so that's just the tip of the iceberg right because that sets up our young people
to be on that train to nowhere it sets up our young people to believe that this could happen
again and so this becomes an iterative thing and how many more iterations or how many more
narratives will it take before our children are permanently enslaved behind digital ID digital
currency and you know some form of globally controlled medical records that include vaccinations in
order to move and then it's pretty much you know you're an experimental animal and if you cause
trouble well they can find lots of regulations you're in violation of they can turn off your
digital ID they can cancel your currency etc so that's that there is no question that that
a mass awakening is required and it needs to happen at light speed
because as was said by someone much smarter than me in a book the past faded into miss the past
was erased the erasure was forgotten and the lie became truth we're moving through that right now
as the years 2020 and the year 21 they get compressed into one year or you know well we don't really
need to talk about that because we were all confused back then I mean we just we were all lost in the
in the sea of misinformation and confusing reports in 2020 in 2021 nobody really came to their senses
until almost 2022 that's what they would like you to believe because that's how the erasure gets
forgotten the past is already erased nobody from 2020 that spoke up is still speaking up now
and prominent in doing so where's canoe with koski where's wolf gang woda where's michael
they're all gone instead of being the the voice of reason they are vanished they continue to be
censored they continue to be sidelined for these other people who are being ever elevated higher
in the media chain and said to be the people that spoke up when they needed to speak up
the only person that I know that was speaking in front of a million people in 2020 about the
lockdowns being absolute bs his robert f Kennedy jr as I recall he was in germany um speaking in
some square or whatever with a quite a few people saying that we had to be beware well what they
were doing I don't think it was Brett Weinstein I don't think it was roberm alone I don't think
these people were there they weren't standing on stage shoulder to shoulder with bobby kennedy
that's for sure with some guy translating it into german but they want you to forget about 2020
that there was nine and a half months or ten months there to say something they want you to
forget about 2021 where there were you know 12 more months to say something biology is the way out
in this scenario we need to pause all childhood vaccinations in the USA and any single individual
who is having a usefully large platform and is not at least questioning the entire vaccine
schedule rather than just the covet 19 vaccines is not is not playing for the touchdown that we
need the touchdown is the only way we're going to win this game and the touchdown is to get enough
awareness so that it becomes okay to think that the childhood vaccination schedule in the United
States is skewed in some way that no other vaccine schedule in the world is and therefore is evidence
that it needs stopping advocate for strict liability on these products it's a very simple thing it
applies to a lot of other stuff in our society there's no complications about it lawyers understand it
strict liability on these products done especially transfections
investigate the use of deadly protocols to cause mass casualty events because we don't
know what happened in these places and we need to know because there aren't even any bodies
investigates the use of these mass casualty events and possibly transfection to create the
illusion of a pandemic so i'm saying that there is a possibility i don't know if it happened or
not but there's a possibility that things like RNA or DNA or a combination of both could have been
used to seed the PCR positivity to seed a a respiratory pathogen to seed not pathogen but
a respiratory symptomology a transfection in your lungs might do that
transfection in the water might i don't know a toxin in the air might do that
but they seeded these cat mass casualty events to blame it on a circulating pathogen to create
the illusion of a pandemic they used sage and modeling to to show you that this was going
to be a worst case scenario they didn't actually show you a truck full of bodies they showed you
a truck and put a body in it they showed you a continuously used mass grave for anonymous dead
people in new york city and pretended that it was a new thing just for the pandemic
so we need to reclaim sovereignty over our bodies and we need to end the cdc withdrawal from the
who and you had entirely i think that's really a very succinct way to explain and not only do we
discuss how the pandemic was created but i do think we need to discuss why the pandemic was
created it was created to avoid an exponential increase in medicare costs that people have been
talking about and projecting for ages this will continue as they continue to advocate for keep
vaccinating all these old people with pneumonia and and flu and rsv and and covid this will just
result in lower lifespan for these adults they're gonna they're gonna have more arrests they're
gonna have more strokes they're gonna have more many many clotting problems or whatever it's all
gonna be worse none of these new vaccines that are gonna be applied to these old people are
gonna do anything but reduce their lifespan because there will be many many more ways to treat those
old people better or or take care of them better or encourage them to behave better take care of
themselves that would be better than transfecting them with a novel transfection agent just because
the fda put its sample of approval on it it is also to protect against the growing skepticism
in vaccines that had been going skyrocketing since the before the beginning of the pandemic
there was a peak in 2008 and 2009 or whatever but then there was also a peak very close to the
beginning of the pandemic with regard to progress i believe on on challenging the
measles vaccination requirements in some states and so that came to a screeching halt as a result
of the pandemic the transition to a digital currency in a controlled manner absolutely
especially in the united states you can't ignore the math of the dollar to transition to genetic
vaccines for the entire population i think is an inevitable certainty with regard to how they've
shifted all the baton backpack warm base of manufacturing to that as well to confound the
toxicity of the virus and transfection to allow number four we've already said that to transition
the youth into submission and full digital control they're about to start complaining
that anonymous accounts and anonymous harassment and anonymous stealing of id and account theft
and this kind of thing is such a problem and such a danger that in order to protect our youth
we're going to have to require all adults to use an id at certain websites or to do certain
things and that's all well and good at first but of course that's a very slippery slope and
eventually no way are you going to be able to use the internet without using a digital id
that's unique to you so that they can track all of your activity even to the point of maybe having
an app on your computer that you can't remove that will track your eyes as you watch and then to help
create the chaos necessary for a fundamental reorganization of how the world is governed i think
that's what the wef is a front for i don't know what's happening in the background but i think
you're supposed to get mad at the wef so that you don't pay attention to whatever's really
happening i would presume at bank meetings and stuff like that but what do i know i just i think
weaponized piles of money are the best things to look for with regard to the forces as time goes
forward hopefully doctors and scientists will get a better better handle on the whole situation
fortunately from what i understand 2020 it is contagious but the death rate is is pretty low
so yeah i understand the fear yeah well we can see you still have a cough what do the doctors say
about your own condition moving forward as we wrap this up
they said um yeah i'm fine i got tested twice negative both times the cough probably just uh
nerves being on tv fair enough so that was a family that returned to i believe returned to
pittsburgh um from somewhere and were positive so they had to quarantine at a hotel or at their
house and then afterward they got interviewed i'm not really sure maybe they quarantined
somewhere else i don't really know what the whole story is but the point is those were the
stories that they were doing all around the united states again to see the worst case scenario
idea in people's head that something was spreading and so it was just a question of how far it would
spread and whose projections were right early but i want is high morbidity and what i'd like
you to think about when you listen to this guy's video i played it again in the beginning
um is this list and then we'll read it after he's done
i go to seattle i infect a couple of cases there i go to north carolina i go to
wisconsin what i'm doing is i'm using a dispersion methodology to be able to infect sentinel cases
with a highly morbid condition these individuals complain again this is a central nervous system
condition so they're complaining of whatever the bug may do it'll produce some cascade of
neurological and neuropsychiatric signs and symptoms and then what i do the real bug that i use
is the internet i take attribution for that yes i'm a terrorist group and i have done this
i hope you understand that girdano's job is to lay down the worst case scenario narrative to
have made sure that all the military that he speaks to all the military people that he speaks to
all the what the hell all the military people that he speaks to all of the the companies that he
speaks to the ceos believe the idea that some of these worst case scenarios can happen that
these biotechnologies exist that these abilities to you know wipe out the religious feeling in
people's heads by dropping some kind of crisper thing down from airplanes is something that he
goes around spreading with the idea of throwing some truth out there of course and letting people
know where things are but also throwing some confusing information out there that when circulated as
a video it starts to sound like well maybe this maybe that um he's just putting a bunch of
things out there throwing things out there as possible futures but to do that in 2017 is very
very impressive so it was a military response with the ability to drive local mass casualty events
i'm just suggesting that one possible scenario that we should consider is the idea that what the
military really did and the only role they had was the initial response to make sure that if the
virus really showed up and spread everywhere that the military was already in place to know where
it was spreading and to be able to get ahead of any real agent now whether or not there was a real
agent is different right because the military would have to be in place no matter what the worst
case scenario exercise worst case scenario drill would be that there would be these teams
that would be i guess everywhere in the united states or something right certainly
several teams that would be able to go to places where the outbreak or outbreaks whether we're
occurring and so then if this was really going to go forward that was really going to go forward
no matter what like we've heard uh rick bright and tony fauci and uh mark ronronce from belgium
and um uh osterhouse from the the netherlands all these people talk about how
controlling the message is so important because you want to everybody to act the way you want
them to act you want everybody to take the vaccine if that's what it is you want them to do what they're
told and so the only way to do what they're to get them to do what they're told is to make the case
that something serious is happening and so then usually there's a little bluff involved in there
there's a little exaggeration there there's a little um you know 50 people died today and then
you say it in a way that makes it seem like that's a big deal but in a in a country of 350 million
people that's nothing financial and legal incentive to call covid that's important to understand
because there were in at least new york and some other jurisdictions a legal indemnity given to
covid cases and treating covid cases because you know it's a new thing we don't know what's going on so
do what you can but if you do something that kills the patient it's not that big a deal and that's
also what protected the initial rollout of some of these bad protocols that's why nobody's suing
coordinated propaganda campaign to drill confusing worst case scenario so that's again you know
behind the scenes and news organizations we know that that's possible because of how uniform the
messages across some of these bigger companies that control the local news across the entire
united states covid hospital protocols capable of increasing all cause mortality it doesn't have to
do it in one way it just has to be that you know if we tweak this knob here and we tweak this
knob here and we turn this knob here and we close this valve 15 more people are going to code every
day well that's perfect do that at every hospital there's something spreading emergency social policies
capable of increasing all cause mortality like don't try to resuscitate people or don't give mouth
to mouth when you when you do a house call as an EMT because you might get covid from that person
so that might have an uptick in cases of death then convince a public a lab leak cover up is
happening right before their eyes well that was done for sure with everything from emails to
nature papers to slack messages to verbal arguments in the senate of the united states government
and use island ally nations to demonstrate that lockdowns can work
and have their their leaders be very very very vocally angry and mean about the fact that they
are heroes for having had the guts to lock them down as hard as they did and that they owe them
their lives both the the government the governments of Canada the government of Australia and the
government of New Zealand curiously took that stance that their lockdown was harsh but successful
and so when you look backwards and this is the beauty of it when you look backwards
you can start to see that this had to have been the play otherwise we wouldn't be where we are
right now time could not have been smeared into the fifth year unless this was what happened or
something you know this is broad strokes right so i'm not claiming to know what happened when
i put this little recipe on the on the this is just again trying to expand this limited spectrum
of debate that really restrains the limited spectrum of possibilities that up until very recent work
and the the continuous work of of people like marqulak and myself and a few others
this possibility space is finally expanding to include the obvious possibility that this is a
an elaborate scheme to permanently change the way the earth is governed and so if you get on that team
presuming that team's gonna win it's gonna be certain things that you're gonna have to stick to in
order to make sure that none of that stuff is seen that none of that stuff is computed that
their average person who's just skillfully watching television never comes to those conclusions
and so there were lots of winning participants there were lots of unwitting participants
it's not about blame anymore it's about everybody seeing what happened
you know so you can just shake your head and come out of the water and go whoa holy cow can you believe
it because in reality we should all shake our heads and go man oh man we we really blew it
we really blew it because it has been we're on our fifth year now we have really blew it this
illusion of consensus about a novel virus that killed millions of people that we could save millions
more from if we just did it right this illusion was seated in our minds on purpose so that this
whole charade could be smeared into the fifth year and that by the end of this smear the past
would be forgotten the erasure would be forgotten and the lie would become the truth
and the lie is this faith in a novel virus that something really just happened in 2019 and
this is the consequence of it we cannot let our children grow up believing this
look at it
and think about how many people don't question it
and again you can form it however you want it you can make it a background signal I think is the
best way to describe it because it's just wholly uncharacterized nathan wolf and and his whole
his whole show used this background to claim that they were doing and looking for things that no
one else was looking for that in this infinite background they were going to find new forms of
life that was what nathan wolf's whole story was and now on the background of this entirely
unknown black DNA RNA whatever it is unknown life forms galore
now we suddenly have a PCR test that works great on that background we've got a set of sequencing
primers that works great on that background nothing nothing gets picked up besides what we're looking
for it it's hard to imagine how much advantage we have lost to these weaponized piles of money
it's very hard to underestimate it but we can't stop because it's for our children and our grandchildren
that we resist this it's for our grandchildren that we resist this the goal should be spoken out
loud that our grandchildren never get a vaccine in their life and that if they do become immunized
they're immunized at a barrier that's it no more intramuscular injection in modern times that's
what we should be going for if we're not going for that then we're not going for the touchdown
that we need and we need to start rallying the troops
so that nobody i mean this is a this ball needs a lot of pushing up the hill yet
if we're going to break this illusion that everybody's still pushing
that the worst case scenarios again a function laboratory weapon that could kill
70 percent of the people on earth an Ebola that is flying around aerosolized would be the worst
thing ever an airplane of that landing in new york city would be a disaster that is
how they are going to entrap our children and the only way that happens is if they make
enough of it and then they apply it that can't happen by accident it can't happen on somebody's
shoe it can't happen if a flask falls over
but unfortunately there are an awful lot of books out there that repeat the story
and the one book that i think is probably the best one the wuhan cover up is the best because it has
quotes from people i wasn't able to convince the author that that the biology of clones
is explanatory enough and exculpatory enough so that so that you have to dismiss the idea of a
pandemic virus but the idea got in the book the idea is in bobby's head he knows that it's possible
there's hope none of these other books even have a hint of the idea that maybe it was
faked maybe it was an elaborate setup by the biosecurity state in order to invert our rights
to permissions at least bobby's book is talking about that from the perspective of a long plan
and seeing biosecurity and bioweapons and biology in general as sort of the ultimate way the ultimate
goal for governance on a global scale for humanity's future it's an it's a real interwoven you know
medicine public health genetics the human genome project and bioweapons are all woven together the
only book that talks about that and how and tells that story is bobby's book
all these other ones are just elaborate scooby-doo stories
at least bobby's book tries to to catalog the history of this stuff and what people said during this
at least it had he had the guts to include something said by me
that's how i see it anyway
and so really important to understand how crucial it was to have these people in place that would
never question the virus but more importantly hype it up hype up the worst case scenario hype
up the connection between the spike protein and all these additive nasties they didn't blame
you know the cardiac effects on the end protein they didn't blame the cardiac effects on on
protein number 28 or a product from open reading frame seven
they blamed the cardiac effects on the spike they blamed the amyloidosis on the spike they blamed the
uh the the the interotoxin b aspects on the spike they blamed the the hiv epitopes on the spike
and so then again you can see clearly how this is not a
a random accumulation of of conclusions it is a preceded narrative to make sure
that the limited spectrum of debate and the lively discussion within it never questioned the novel
virus and it's spread and that was the effect of getting in the car with these people when you
were stuck on that street all by yourself and these cars driving by you think well one of them's
got to be full of good guys no none of them were full of good guys that's the whole point it
didn't matter whether you got in in Paul Catrell's car or George Webb's car or eventually got into
Brett Weinstein's car it wouldn't matter because the illusion of consensus the faith in a novel
virus was never questioned and in fact was disgust and delineated and described in detail
by these people so that we would enjoy our ride on the highway so that we knew where we were going
more of an announcement rather than a warning or a or a caution
believe about vaccines until we invent really one month before breaking until we have a pandemic
that's killing everyone you know and you know it's not it's you know measles plus and okay I
can tolerate what you think about measles because you know not that many people die from it it's
just a big hassle in the end but no one when we have this new pandemic that is you know got 75 percent
mortality and it's not it's that there'll be no pretense of being polite in the face of these
beliefs it'll be a moral emergency because it has to be and this is just sheer contingency as
to whether in one condition or another I mean so there's no real way at this point in retrospect
to see that as a random event there's absolute it's not possible not when all the things line up
like this when you look right right that that's not possible everything's lining up when you turn
and it goes think whoa wait what what did Sam Harris say on the
in December and on the eighth podcast of Brett Weinstein what did he say and did Brett agree
with him yes he did
and so of course you know the famous podcast that occurred in mid 2021 1.5 years after breaking
welcome to the dark horse podcast I am Brett Weinstein I should say in this case I am Dr.
Brett Weinstein and that will become relevant based on what our topic is let me say a little bit
about who I am and then I will introduce our two guests so I am a PhD in biology my specialty
is evolution I have some background in immunobiology and I am going to be acting today in the role of
professor sometimes student other times traffic cop and translator that's my plan in order to get
this very complex story simple enough that people can understand it because it is of the utmost
importance all right oh one other thing I should say is that there is also a final role for me which
is that when I was a graduate student I did some work on telomere senescence and cancer and accidentally
unearthed a flaw in our drug safety system that as far as I know still exists despite my effort
to raise the alarm about it so anyway this is not the first time I have encountered the drug safety
issue and it is a thorny and a wicked problem as some might say to my right we have Robert Malone
Robert Malone is an MD PhD no masters masters and MD he is also and most significantly here the
inventor of mRNA vaccine technology from back as a graduate student am I correct yeah and I'm
also a licensed physician in Maryland a licensed physician in Maryland and to my left is Steve
Kirsch who is a serial entrepreneur and actually you want to tell us about your your role in
COVID treatment research sure I started the COVID-19 early treatment fund and we fund scientists
throughout the world on looking at repurposed drugs for outpatient clinical trials and because
the using repurposed drugs is the fastest safest and and lowest cost way to end the pandemic
all right excellent so I must say that this is a difficult topic for us to address we all I believe
are agreed that something very serious is afoot and the public is largely unaware that they have
been placed into a kind of danger and we also know that there's a great deal of stigma directed at
those who would explore these dangers I know that I personally feel a certain amount of jeopardy
over talking about these things publicly but I also feel a moral obligation to do so in light
of the fact that I believe in my heart of hearts that a great many lives are at stake there's just
simply no question that come hell or high water this must be discussed I would imagine you gentlemen
feel similarly yeah I I'm particularly concerned by all the censorship because it's making so that
we cannot have a rational discussion cannot have a rational discussion I think it's a very a very
fair way to put it I should also point out that our viewers will have noticed that we are sitting
here unmasked and I should point out that actually we are in an interesting sense a model of something
that I believe is not on the public radar so if I'm correct you Robert have had COVID I've had
COVID and I've been fully vaccinated with Moderna all right Steve you have been vaccinated fully
vaccinated with Moderna all right I am unvaccinated but I would argue that the censorship of Robert
Malone and Brett Weinstein and Steve Kirsch after this podcast actually drove thousands of people to
Gab thousands of people to get her thousands of people went from and and heard about him being
censored on LinkedIn this was all done on purpose and in the meantime then they were able to complain
about it publicly and when they complained about it publicly there was no censorship of that complaining
and in the meantime all the people that were really making noise and had been making noise for the
year and a half before this were being censored without the ability to complain about it
with no platform from which to wine and remember the worst thing that happened to Brett Weinstein
was that after this video was pulled his YouTube channel was demonetized and we know that people
can't make a lot of money off of YouTube no matter how many views you have so it's a little again
disingenuous to portray that as a real true censorship when again you get on these these TV programs
like Tucker Carlson you're not really being censored let's keep going I am on prophylactic
ivermectin and the data actually shocking as this will be to some people the data suggests
that prophylactic ivermectin is something like 100% effective at preventing people from contracting
covid when taken properly so Jessica I see that you're in the audience if you haven't seen this
video yet what there's about to be said is going to shock you so i'm going to back it up a little
bit and play it again you Robert have had covid i've had covid and i've been fully vaccinated
with Moderna all right Steve you have been vaccinated fully vaccinated with Moderna all right i am
unvaccinated but i am on prophylactic ivermectin and the data actually shocking as this will be to
some people the data suggests that prophylactic ivermectin is something like 100% effective at
preventing people from contracting covid when taken properly so aside from the risk that
possibly the ivermectin i got wasn't real and i have every reason to think it was it certainly
appears to be the the genuine article i believe that what we have here is a demonstration of a
kind of composite herd immunity where through three different routes covid vaccine and ivermectin
we are protected and you are it's fair doubly protected so i would just say for anybody who's
enthusiastic about the vaccines if you're unconvinced by what we have to say about the
hazard of them one thing to consider is that the way to get society to herd immunity and therefore
drive covid 19 to extinction which ought to be our goal the way to do it is to get people covid 19
to extinction through prophylaxis whether it's through a vaccine or whether it's because they've
had covid already when one could argue that if everybody just took ivermectin for a month
worldwide really end the pandemic um some will find the title that i have given this episode
perplexing i would ask them to stick with the episode through the end and i will explain why
i titled it as i did i i really believe that actually we have the capacity at any moment we
decide to utilize it to end the pandemic and that it is it is well within reach should we
choose to see what is in front of us but we will get there later on you know kind of like it's kind
of like Dorothy and the Wizard of Oz that she always had the ability to go back to Kansas
we've always had the ability to end this pandemic it's just a question of whether we want to use
it or not well actually i'm going to push back slightly on you Steve i believe i don't i was
actually going to inquire from my friends who are closest to this but i i didn't get to it before
the podcast but i believe we probably have had the ability to end the pandemic at any point in the
last six months that we chose to i'm not sure it goes all the way back because i'm not sure we
would have known what to do yes we've had the drugs available and then the know-how we developed
uh late last year right yeah okay so if you'll let me my pushback as a virologist uh
molecular virologist and physician and outbreak specialist um i think that so herd immunity is
a noble cause and objective but if you look worldwide um i i think that we kind of have to plan
that we're unlikely to achieve it so i i i applaud the logic um i think the probability is really
high there's no way pragmatically we're going to get there and we're going to be stuck with this
virus in various forms for the rest of our lives all right well here's the thing um we're
not going to get bogged down here because it's not the central reason for our conversation i do
want to have that conversation with you at some point because i believe what i'm doing is i'm
probably butchering the term you herd immunity by arguing that somebody who's on prophylactic
ivermectin is within the herd but uh in any case i i believe that it is possible based on at least
the argentina study which suggests essentially a hundred percent effectiveness of ivermectin
yeah i i told you we're good it's it's uh i mean we're quibbling and it's not it's off
scope what you're what you're saying is that from a practical point of view but the point is my
point is that if if we were able to just like we're trying to kind of get everybody to take the
vaccine if we had put that into getting everybody to take ivermectin and fluvoxamine for for a month
if we and if we could accomplish that then covid would be wiped out we could do it and actually any
municipality that could regulate its borders ivermectin and fluvoxamine for a month let's put
everybody on an antidepressant and messes with something to do with your serotonin and ivermectin
for a month and end the pandemic holy cow i mean holy cow just could clear the disease if
you could accomplish that go i i believe if we had put that into getting everybody to take ivermectin
and fluvoxamine for for a month if we and if we could accomplish that then covid would be wiped
out we could do it and actually any municipality that could regulate its borders could clear the
disease if you could accomplish that go i believe and it's just a question look at robert practically
speaking we agree with you robert it's it's practically speaking it's hard to pull off i'm
saying that theoretically if we could get agreement because we have well how about this let's table
this i will i will give you my plan at the end of this and my claim is that actually there is he's
looking into the camera right now smiling because his controllers or the people that he's employed by
he's laughing because he's like i don't even have to do anything these guys will go bananas without
me i he didn't even have to queue them up they were already going way way way into the weeds it's
wonderful so ivermectin maybe depending on whether he got real ivermectin or not he actually threw
that out there is a possibility vaccine times two vaccine times two plus infection this is
herd immunity in a joking sort of way no masks are needed for these guys we could end the pandemic
if we just locked down harder and also gave people an SSRI definitely the need for new things maybe
an SSRI plus ivermectin for 60 days would work zero covid is definitely possible though and it
should still be a goal according to the man in the middle there vaccines work obviously because
of number one but they also can hurt and that's what the the very careful language is about that's
coming up in the show and then they're going to distinguish between old vaccines and new vaccines
and old vaccines obviously work but let's not get confused we don't know if these work yet as well
as we hope that's what this show is about one and a half years after the breaking was begun
one and a half years this is after the first full year of university this is after the first
full year of remote schooling that our children went through not the half a year
that was from march to june in 2020 i'm talking about the full year that went from september
2020 until may or june in 2021 that's what i'm talking about and this was after that
this was six months or seven months after they had done adenovirus injections in the
uk and around the world and they had done uh RNA injections in the uk and around the world
at least six months after that started one and a half years after the breaking is when they are
doing this this should not be considered early kenut with koski was early i got fired in 2020
i got sent home
and my contract was paid out i got sent home in 2020 they did not fire me
what could they have fired me for they didn't extend my contract
and that all happened before these people ever pulled their head out and when they pulled their
head out what did they tell us that you don't need masks if you use ivermectin the right secret way
like the freemasons do you don't need to wear a mask if you've taken two shots or if you have had
the infection and taken two shots that the lockdowns work that we should just for if we could just
forcibly drug everybody it would be fine
that's where they were a year and a half after the narrative was started a year and a half after
the breaking was begun after the second year the first full year of our children being home on screens
so it's the spread of bad ideas are much scarier and more dangerous than the spread of any RNA
molecule you can answer your question by looking at what Brett was saying in 2020 he didn't move the
ball at all he was frightened and he was a skilled tv watcher that wore a bandana around his neck
to remind his viewers that you needed to mask up and i would argue that these people were
put in place a couple years or a year before the pandemic on purpose that's why
Sam Harris was on Brett Weinstein's number eight podcast on December 19th 2019 to say that we won't
be able to tolerate anti-vaxxers when the real new pandemic comes it's not by accident
it's not by accident that we were meant to feel as though we were alone on a highway and it's not
to meant and not an accident that we were meant to that we ended up finding ourselves looking for answers
on screens and it's not by accident that those screens were populated by people who are controlling
this narrative wanted you to see arguments that they wanted you to participate in arguments that
they wanted you to take a side on because then by doing that you would also accept the mystery
solving exercise and you would accept the monsters in the story because it doesn't matter what's true
it matters what's perceived is true and what's perceived as true right now is that the toxicity
of the vaccine cannot be divorced from the toxicity of the spike protein and then it's very hard for
us to tell what's going on and it's varied and whether you accept it's a lot or a little
but in the end the spike protein is still hurting people causing long COVID and all this other stuff
so we're still in the car and no matter what arguments we get in from the back seat to the
front seat they're still accepting this and we're arguing about what's on the radio
and so this is where we are right this this this is what we're doing and let's see where we are
when we look at Brett's video with with Tucker Carlson that just happened a couple days ago
I think it's a worthwhile worth to spend time on it just to see where the the narrative is and
oops and how that really works you're speaking in grand terms that three years ago I might have
laughed at and not laughing at all you're also choosing as you know a 50-year-old man to say
the stuff out loud and to pursue the truth as you find it and then to talk about it why did you
decide to do that I literally cannot understand how I would sleep at night how I would look at myself
in the mirror if I didn't say what needed to be said I call the force that we're up against Goliath
Goliath made a terrible mistake and made it most egregiously during COVID which is it took
all of the competent people all of the creative and it shoved them out of the institutions where
they were hanging on and it created in so doing the dream team created every player you could
possibly want on your team to fight some historic battle against a terrible evil
amazingly it was four years next month that the first stories appeared in the American news
media about a virus spreading through a city in central China Wuhan the virus didn't have a name
over time it was named COVID and it changed world history it wasn't that long ago but we don't
talk about it very much anymore in the way that you don't talk about traumatic things that happened
to you but that doesn't mean it's over and it doesn't mean that huge decisions aren't being made
right now that will affect your life and the lives of your children those decisions are being made
the story is not over and so we thought it would be worth taking just a moment to explain what that
looks like and there's no better person to do that than Brett Weinstein he's an evolutionary
biologist he taught at the college level for many years he's got a fascinating bio she should look
up because it's an amazing story he's now the host with his wife of the dark horse podcast
and the author of a best-selling and very excellent book
they came out on the movie joins us now it's great to see you it's great to see you so instead of
peppering you with all kinds of pointed questions i want to guide you and sit back mostly as you
tell the story of COVID in condensed form what are the outlines of what we know now and where we going
what's the next chapter in the story well first let me just respond to something you said up front
nobody wants to be thinking about COVID anyway it was a traumatic and exhausting experience i don't
want to be thinking about getting more either but what i find is that every time i look away and
move on to other topics things move just out of our sideline and these things couldn't possibly
be more important so i'm going to try to explain where we are and how we got here and what the
implications are in the present that people are largely not noticing perfect all right so i thought
maybe it would be worth starting with just some parts of the education that we all got during
COVID i know that i learned a tremendous amount about not only viruses and pandemics and public
health but also about pharma which is something frankly i thought i knew a lot about i had the
run into it earlier in my academic career so i thought i was something of an expert that i got
schooled over the course of COVID what i've come to understand is something i call the game of pharma
if you think about what pharma is we tend to imagine that it is an industry that is uh hell
bent on finding drugs that will make us healthier yes that's not what it is in fact pharma is healthy
when people are sick and many people have noticed this that of course it depends on ill health so
it has a perverse incentive but what i think most of us did not realize is how elaborate its
bag of tricks is and what the nature of that bag of tricks is and to to describe it i would say
pharma is a an intellectual property racket or at least that's what it has become that essentially
pharma owns various things it owns molecules compounds it owns technologies and what it's looking
for is a disease to which these things plausibly apply and its profits go up to the extent that
the disease is widespread to the extent of disease is serious to the extent that competing drugs
are unsafe or ineffective to the extent that the government will mandate a drug to the extent
that the medical establishment will declare the standard of care all of these things you've just
described pandemic response well that i did and that's where i learned all of these tricks um was
that basically every day of the year pharma is engaged in um portraying the properties that it
owns as more useful than they are safer than they are and persuading the medical establishment
the journals the societies the hospitals the government um to direct people towards drugs
they wouldn't otherwise be taking so that's um what the the racket is and and it is necessary to
understand that because you need to realize that before covid ever happened um pharma was expert
at figuring out how to portray a disease as more widespread and more serious than it was it was
excellent at portraying a compound as more efficacious than it is safer than it is and so when covid
happened all of this occurred at a different scale covid was bigger than anything that had
ever happened before but none of it was new to pharma and all of it was new to us in the public
trying to understand what we were supposed to do about this uh ostensibly very serious disease
so i'm now going to put a hypothesis on the table about why things unfolded the way they did um
and it involves that game of pharma what was pharma thinking why was it so obsessed with making sure
that we all took uh the so-called vaccines that were on offer why was it so obsessed with making
sure that we didn't take the alternative repurposed drugs that so many doctors claimed were highly
affected and so just to put you where we are right now um he said that we learned about viruses and
learned about pandemics but didn't really tell us what we learned about that and right away we
learned about pharma's big bag of tricks and how it's an intellectual property racket that revolves
around drug sales and pharma was an expert at at increasing or exaggerating the illusion or role
of a particular disease or condition in the public and was also very effective at creating the illusion
of efficacy for these various treatments and so he has focused his first few minutes besides
saying general things about who he is on big pharma without saying who or what forces are
behind it or whether there's any d o d contracts or whether there are any DARPA contracts or an
NIH contracts or or private equity contracts or whatever whether there are investments in these
companies and what those investments might mean and what intellectual property exactly that he's
talking about is just glossed over when very clearly if intellectual property is what they
are centered around a big bag of tricks and an intellectual property racket that I think it's
worthwhile to be more specific here but it seems like the basic idea is to set pharma up as a bad
guy without being too specific about how bad they are and and and how to see their bad actions for
for the for the bad actions that they are I'm not sure he's helping us but again we're only
six minutes in there could be lots of truth here he's in general of course right on right
that there is a goliath I call weaponized piles of money um covid was a traumatic event but that
was on purpose and so we learned the wrong things about pandemics and viruses if we accept I think
where where he is treatments right ivermectin hydroxychloroquine these things were demonized
and we were uh told not to take them and we were mocked if we distrusted that advice so the
question is what was all that why would that have happened and again this is this is not certain
but what I've pieced together is that pharma owned what was potentially the um the biggest
pharmacological cash cow conceivable it owned a beautiful technology and I mean that sincerely
something truly brilliant um that would potentially not only allow a bright future from the perspective
of creating new treatments and new I hesitate to use the word vaccine because it doesn't really
apply but new vaccine like technologies but that it could do this indefinitely in the future and
it could allow you to reformulate every vaccine currently on the market and what's more the property
in question would allow this whole process to be streamlined at an incredible level because
effectively all you needed was a sequence a genetic sequence from a pathogen and you could
literally type it into a machine and produce a vaccine that was already in use but for the
swapping out of the antigen question so that's really extraordinary right because that's the
illusion that we've been fighting against that's the illusion that I've been was trying to teach
Brett Weinstein in early 22 when I finally got on our late 21 when I finally got on a signal chat
with him and could start explaining what transfection was so it's such a weird place for him to be
where he starts out by saying a truly brilliant and beautiful technology that has the potential
to replace every vaccine what so that a child could be transfected maybe 70 times in his or her lifetime
I don't really understand how it's even possible that this is a 2024 video
it might as well be 2021 because the only difference but I just can't believe it I can't believe it
yeah it's exactly like Legos and presumably with some justification to the extent of this technology
was safe pharma would be able to argue we don't really need to go through thorough safety testing
of the entire platform each time we deploy it all we need to do is figure out if the antigen
that we've loaded in this time is in some way more dangerous than the last one the problem
so that the technology in question is the mRNA transfection platform which was wrongly in this
case called a vaccine and it is ingenious it solves a really important problem from gene therapy which
is oftentimes you want to get the body to do something let's say that you are missing a functional
copy of a gene that produces some product like insulin that you need well you could take insulin
or it would be great if we could convince your body to produce the product itself like a healthy
see but it doesn't solve that problem transfection puts this expression and this vector
this RNA in random places using very toxic lipids which are disastrous for the interior of
ourselves even if they successfully deliver the mRNA where it's supposed to go the modified RNA
the chemically altered arm and RNA it doesn't solve that problem it's not elegant it goes wherever it
wants to and it doesn't do anything remote like replace a protein they can't do that
this is ridiculous talk person does very hard to do that though because the body is composed
and adult humans 30 trillion cells or so how do you get cells to take up the message and produce
enough of the product to matter well the mRNA technology allows you to induce cells to take up
an mRNA message which they will then automatically transcribe and it does this by encapsulating
these messages in lipid nanoparticle lipid just means fat and you may remember from basic chemistry
like attracts like like dissolves like and so these fats get taken up by cells very regularly
for simple chemical reasons and then the message gets transcribed and voila you've gotten cells
to produce something that they did not have produced in the first place useful for vaccine
like technology useful for curing deficiencies so they're not just lipids right they're very very
special never before tested excipients never before used in humans
and the way that they're prepared and the the uniformity of their preparation and
their transport and whatever is highly suspect but they are extremely toxic as far as as Gabrielle
would say and so here he is glossing over them again saying something that we know is not true
which is that it's just lipids you know it's lipids and mRNA so in theory it's just like legos
we watched a cartoon like that three years ago and lambasted it for how dumb it was and he's still
saying that now there's no other way to interpret this there's no possible way to interpret this
I have the signal chat still on my phone he knows how to explain it better than this he's not doing
it because we are not going to question the faith the problem however is that this amazing
technology which it's very hard to estimate how much money pharma might have made i think hundreds
of billions of dollars is absolutely certain trillions of dollars not off the table given that
this would allow patentable drugs to be produced indefinitely into the future
but the technology itself has a terrible safety flaw that in my opinion never would have gotten
through even the most cursory safety tests and that flaw is that there's no targeting of the
lipid nanoparticles the lipid nanoparticles will be taken up by any cell they encounter and while
that's not perfectly random it will be hazard around the body now if they were limited if they
simply stayed in the injection site as we were told when the vaccine rollout began
the the vaccines the so-called vaccines stay in the injection site well then the cells that took
up these messages would be in your deltoid and what happens next wouldn't be terribly serious
the problem is we learned very quickly and should have predicted from the getco but they weren't
going to stay in the delta all of anything you inject in that space is going to leak out and
it's gonna circulate around the body and here's the problem now forgive me this is a little bit
technical I know that but it involves understanding how immunity naturally develops so when you
become sick let's say with a virus some particle has gotten into a cell of yours and it has hijacked
it and it has started it has tricked that cell into producing copies of itself more viruses which
affect or infect adjacent cells and if the virus is an effective one they will also figure out how
to jump out of you like when you cough and get inhaled by the next person and infect their cells
the body's response to seeing a cell of yours which it recognizes as yours that is producing
an antigen that is to say a protein that it doesn't recognize is to assume that that cell is
virally infected yes and to destroy it that is the only correct thing for the body to do when
it encounters a cell of yours making foreign protein now this transaction technology the mRNA
vaccine technology as they call it does exactly this it tricks your cells into producing foreign
antigens which the immune system cannot help but recognize as an indicator of infection
and it destroys those cells if those cells are in the muscle in your arm not a huge deal it's not
good for you to get a sore arm you get a sore arm presumably we might be able to measure a
decrease in your strength but it's not going to shorten your life however if these transaction
agents circulate around the body as we know they do and get taken up haphazardly then whatever
tissue starts producing these foreign proteins is going to be attacked by your immune system
so you definitely wouldn't want any of this getting you're a person's heart or brain um
definitely not and um very bad if it happens in your brain it's particularly critical if it happens
in your heart because your heart for reasons we can go into if you want has an incredibly
low capacity for repair in fact your heart doesn't really repair what it does you get a wound if
loose cells from your heart uh your heart then scars over that will affect your heart rhythm
your capacity to transport oxygen and CO2 around the body it will um potentially shorten your life
and it will also create a vulnerability that you won't know that you have until you're like playing
soccer or something exactly so if you imagine somebody has received one of these transaction
shots and um especially in the unfortunate case where it has been injected intravenously which
isn't supposed to happen but instructions on this shot were not to aspirate the needle proper
injection should evolve pulling back on the plunger in the syringe in order to see if there's blood
if there's blood that indicates that you've landed in a circulatory vessel and that you should back
the needle off or plunge it farther so that you're not injecting it directly into a vein but in the
case of these shots amazing as the sounds the advice was don't do that because it requires
the needle to be in the person's arm longer might create extra pain and they didn't want to create
vaccine hesitancy was there excuse so anyway you might get a big bolus of uh this material
and it might flow right through your heart and get taken up by a bunch of cells and just from
perspective do we have any guesses to how many of these shots were given out globally uh it's
definitely in the billions um billions yeah it's in the with the mRNA technology yes which is an
amazing fact i mean the in addition to the technology itself being remarkable the rate at which this
was scaled up is positively incredible now it had herbal downsides i don't know if we'll have time
to get to the downsides of the way they scaled up their production on these but if we can separate
the marvel of what they did yes there's an awful lot of stuff here that's beyond wizardry it's just
incredible that they accomplished good so i'm sorry i don't want to go track but you were
describing what would happen if it went to various organs would damage them what could it cause
cancers to we can get back to that we clearly are seeing an uptick in cancers and an uptick in
cancers that are unusual especially in their speed um so uh maybe we maybe if we have time we
can come back to the reasons that that might be occurring is a lot of discussion amongst the
medical dissidents about why that pattern exists and what it implies but yes um clear medical
dissidents who fail your modes of the body and this highly novel technology clearly had that as a
risk even if we didn't know what mechanism it would happen um but yes if you let's say you're a soccer
player and you've been injected with uh this stuff and a bolus of it has hit your heart and caused a
bunch of your cells to be destroyed by your own immune system by uh cytotoxic T cells and natural
killer cells well now you've got a wound if you manage to survive to have it scar over then that
wound will be less of a vulnerability than it would otherwise be but if in the period after you've
been damaged before your heart has fully scarred you were to push yourself to some new athletic
limit now let's say you're in the middle of a particularly intense game right that would be
exactly the time when a weakness in a vessel wall might cause a critical failure and you know you
could die on the field so this was a very plausible mechanism to explain the pattern of sudden deaths
that we have seen oftentimes in people who are unusually healthy and athletic yes um so
go back to the original story pharma had a potentially uh tremendously lucrative
property that it couldn't bring to market because a safety test would have revealed this
unsolvable problem at its heart and so what i'm wondering my hypothesis is that it recognized
that the thing that would bypass that obstacle was an emergency that caused the public to demand
uh a remedy to allow them to go back to work and to living their lives that would cause
the government to streamline the safety testing process so that it wouldn't spot these things
and indeed one of the things that we see in addition to a lot more harm in those safety tests than we
were initially allowed to understand um but also the safety testing was radically truncated so
that long-term harms were impossible to detect so my hypothesis in question is pharma used an
emergency to bypass an obstacle to bring an incredibly lucrative technology um to normalize it in the
public in the regulatory apparatus to sneak it by the things that would ordinarily prevent the
dangerous technology like this one from being widely deployed so i think that sounds entirely
plausible um effectively but very likely but the downside for pharma and of course the rest of us
is that if you roll out a harmful product of aiding the conventional safety screens you're
gonna hurt a lot of people and then what so just first part of the question what do you think
we're gonna see in terms of a a death toll and injury toll from this vaccine okay so first of
all just want to make sure that everybody realizes and it's been in the chat so i know that you guys
see it and that the bolus theory is something that may account for some small percentage of all
adverse reactions to injection that are is intended to be intramuscular or
uh subcutaneous but you don't usually have that problem subcutaneous injection you have it with
intramuscular injection and so yes weight lifters who inject in their legs have known that this can
occur um other people have known that this can occur it could be partially responsible for
endothelial damage or for there being a particular place that the the vaccine ends up because they've
looked at that before in terms of intramuscular injection or IV injection where it goes and how
it goes there but he has not said even come close to saying that every time a cell is
transfected and expresses a foreign protein in the immune system comes along to destroy it there is
the chance there is the chance that that cleanup process will result in an autoimmune response
that is directed at that tissue and if that tissue is endothelial cells if that tissue is
cardiac muscle then inflammation will inevitably result in the immune system attacking that tissue
in the future that's the issue at hand here that's going to result in the long-term side effects
of transfection that nobody wants to talk about and the most unpredictable side effects because if
you develop autoimmunity to the endothelial cells that line your brain it might be a very
different symptomology than if you develop autoimmunity to the endothelial cells that are present in
your liver and these may be molecularly unique enough so that depending on where the transfection
occurs the effect of autoimmunity to those particular endothelial cells may be unique
in other words the the compounding nature of this biology makes it almost
infinitely unpredictable what would potentially happen if you transfect someone with a lipid
nanoparticle of this nature and yet he's still dumb simplifying this down too well you know wherever
it goes that the immune system is going to kill those cells so then that's going to be damaged
in some places you can damage in other places you can if it goes in your arm and the immune
system kills themselves maybe it hurts and so if it works well for you you'll have arm pain
I mean you see the story that he's telling there it's extraordinary a lot has gone into
preventing us from answering that question and some very dedicated people have done some very
high quality work and the numbers are staggering now I'm hesitant to say what I think the toll
might be because this is not my area of expertise and I would leave it to others I would say
John Campbell would be an excellent source to look at there's some new material out of New Zealand
which is jaw dropping I haven't had time to look at it in depth so I'm a little concerned about
putting my weight on the ice but let's say well here's what we here's what we know
Joseph Freeman and his colleagues including Peter Doshi did a an evaluation of Pfizer's own
safety data from its safety trials these trials were absurdly short in fact Pfizer only allowed
one month before it vaccinated its controls and made it impossible to detect further harms and
what they found was a one in 800 rate of serious adverse event this is not minor stuff this is
serious harm to health one in 800 per shot that's not per person that's per shot one in 800 rate
which in one month that suggests a very a very high mortality risk and in fact we saw mortality
in the safety trials what happens over the long time we've certainly seen such a range of pathologies
that have crippling effect I want to just comment on somebody in the chat optimizer says the T cell
attack on MHC bound foreign proteins is an autoimmunity that is true that presupposition that presupposes
the existence of a previous set of cytotoxic T cells which would recognize a portion of that
protein that would be presented by MHC it's most likely that the receptor binding domain of that
particular protein should it exist and have that function would be the thing that would be presented
or it would be the most in in the model of the immune system where damage associated molecular
patterns are targeted by the immune system then it would be the most hydrophobic portion of the
spike protein that would be presented and if that had sufficient homology to previous hydrophobic
portions of these kinds of signals and then there would be a pre-existing c-tailed cytotoxic T cell
population that could target that presentation on MHC one separate from that though would be the
expression of these proteins on the outside of cells just from transfection not the presentation
but just the expression of them on the outside of the cells and from previous
transfection you would have circulating antibodies which would bind to those proteins
and bring in complement and bring in neutrophils and bring in natural killer cells that would
destroy that endothelium and then that endothelium would need to be cleaned up by macrophages that
in theory could present self-antigens that's the the where i think you're challenging the
immune system not to make a mistake i hope i'm being clear go ahead Brett some people's
health that i should order to think how many people have actually so i'm not a math genius but
one in eight hundred shots times billions is you know a lot of people yep there was a press i was
recently at a conference in Romania on the covid crisis and so there was a lot of work trying to
unpack what we actually understand and i saw a credible estimate or something like 17 million
deaths globally from this technology so 17 million deaths from the covid backs well when you
know when you scale up to billions uh it's not hard to reach a number like that with the technology
that's dangerous now to your deeper question i think let's steal man just from perspective i mean
that's like the death toll of the global war yes absolutely it is this is a great tragedy of
history so of that proportion and amazingly there is no way in which it's over i mean we are still
apparently recommending these things for healthy children ever so i think you just said the 17
million number correct me if i'm wrong that's the number from from you big idiot um that's the number
from um from uh Denny Weinstein or Denny Weinstein and Denny Rancour in Canada and so
presumably he's not going to address the idea that Denny Rancour also had no evidence of spread
from these various mass casualty events that were purported to be the start of the pandemic
so i think he's going to skip over that which i think is important because those events that
Jessica Hockett has looked at and that that uh Jonathan angler has looked at and other people
have investigated to show that although there were a lot of people that are reported to have
died in these places it didn't spread from those places in the expected manner that a respiratory
virus that was the most contagious virus in the history of mankind because of a fear and cleavage
site would have done and so without that that that evidence is also missing from Denny's analysis
it's also missing from John Bodewin's analysis another very important data set
and he's glossing over this full year of 2020 where he wasn't able to speak up but people like
Robert F Kennedy jr were able to speak up and Knut Wieckowski were able to speak up and Michael
Yeden was able to speak up and uh Wolfgang Wodock were able to speak up and i think it's important
to realize that that it would make his case even better if he said that you know we lost some people
to this like people tried to speak up and got canceled speak up and got told to shut up that's
why i'm the one who's speaking because there's a lot of people who spoke up and paid the price
that would make his his case even more dramatic but somehow or another history starts with his
light bulb coming up and i i think that's not helping us at much and in the way of again
it makes the case even better if we're like we're in this fifth year now
and we're still doing the same song and dance the only thing we're not doing is touching shoes
together instead of shaking hands but it wouldn't surprise me if we go back to that again
Brett was probably doing that in 2020 first at any chance of getting any benefit from
every chance of suffering harms that are uh not only serious but tragic on the basis that
children have a long lives ahead of everyone in a child's immune system uh in use they have
to spend the rest of their presumably shortened life in that state so never made any sense that
we were giving us the kids in the first place the fact that we're still doing it when the
emergency to the extent there even was one is clearly over and um when there's never been any
proper justification of administering it to healthy kids it's just healthy kids don't die of
COVID um and the shot doesn't prevent you from catching or transmitting it so there was there
was just literally no justification you could come up but i think a lot of us um maybe
call us normies have a hard time i wonder i wonder if Brett can come up with any objections
for not taking the the uh HPV shot i wonder if he can come up with any objections for not taking
the hepatitis B shot at birth wonder if he's ever thought about it will he ever question it
will he as a as a as an evolutionary biologist who inevitably must know about development because
evolutionary biologists think about development as a way of comparing phylogenies and if they
have parallel developmental pathways in their embryonic stages then that means they're more
likely to be related if they can't tell from from adult or or conspecific phenotype
so he's looked at development before and he knows how important is the earlier you are in
development the more danger of damage there is because here at the earlier stage in the cascade
of events that leads to the pattern integrity that we call human babies and so he has to understand
very keenly the idea that the sooner you push these vaccines into the development of a baby's brain
the more likely it is that you'll permanently hamper the development of that baby's brain
the more vulnerable that baby's brain is the more vulnerable that baby's organs are the more
vulnerable that baby's immune system is the more vulnerable that baby's gut biome is the whole
nine yards and yet somehow or another after four years of this charade after this four years of
questioning the entire public health apparatus we still haven't really been able to get past this
very myopic view on covid as if that's the only problem there could possibly exist
in our public health apparatus it's just the covid response
it's just covid biology it's not infectious disease biology it's not vaccinology in general
don't be ridiculous
i'm imagining the um the breathtaking evil that it would take to allow such a tragedy to unfold
or to pause it to unfold for profit i still struggle to imagine
but you know there's a lot of moms that uh work at chd that have been struggling to imagine it for
a lot longer than that
there are some parents that work at chd that have adult children and they've been
wondering it for a pretty long time how this for-profit machine can just be allowed to go on
but it's just about covid
it's just about these vaccines
you
think about think about it this way farm on a normal day is composed of people who have to
become even if they were doing their job exactly right they have to be comfortable with causing
a certain amount of that right if you give a drug to people if the net effect is positive but
it's going to kill some people who would have lived if they never got it somehow you have to
sleep at night having put that drug into the world and you know we want if we had a healthy
pharma industry we would want them to produce the drugs that had a net benefit and that benefit
includes some serious harms very easy way to have that work is strict liability on all
pharmaceutical products it's super easy i bet his dad knows the meaning of those words
so once you have stepped on that slippery slope though once you have become comfortable
with causing deaths then i believe it becomes very easy to rationalize um that the greater good
is being served by x y or z and then there's some point at which you're causing enough harm
and you're you know when pharma takes an old out of patent drug and um supersedes it with
a new highly profitable drug they've done something that's negative we should almost always prefer
the older drug unless the evidence is extremely convincing the new drug is just worlds better
because an old drug we know something about its interactions with other things we know
something about its safety profile i mean we know all kinds of things about old drugs we can use
a a computer generated crystallography model of the RNA protein that translates the RNA
you know the this three cl protease we can make a crystallography model of that and then scan
the entire catalog of known pharmaceuticals and nutraceuticals to look for repurposed drugs
that will work very well and we can use that AI computer model machine in a few weeks to
come up with things like remdesivir and pepcid and and and SSRI inhibitor that we can combine
in unique ways with existing drugs like ivermectin and hydroxychloroquine and find unique patentable
combinations that are good to break this pandemic that's what steve kirsch that's what uh robert
melon that's what all those people were involved in in that first year
robert melon assembled a team largely of volunteers that actually was able to achieve
the crystallography model of the three cl protease and model it and scan it against
hundreds of thousands of pharmaceuticals to come up with a list of drugs that needed to be trialed
and that are drugs that he was selling on the on the june 21st or june 2021 podcast with robert
melon and steve kirsch has been three easy ways to stop the pandemic
and claiming that ivermectin could be used prophylactically to be part of the herd
and that he was risking life and limb to tell this truth in 2021 one and a half years after the
breaking started and now we are almost four years we are four years from when the breaking started
and he's still basically telling the same story
big pharma did it because they had this ip that they wanted to use and get out there
he doesn't really call it a transfection horse race but it kind of sounds like that in a way
let's keep going i don't want to take too much time here i might have to quit early
new is not better when it comes to molecules that you're going to be taking into your your
allergy um fair but pharma has to be in the business of getting you to take the new and
having you distrust the old and so anyway i think i think there's a way in which the rationalization
has no limit and they've gotten to the point that they are willing to cause a huge amount of
death apparently um and even at the point that it's been revealed in public they don't stop which
is another amazing fact you would imagine that they would have been embarrassed into stopping this
vaccination program at this point so the problem though i would say for for farmen for the politicians
who uh support and promote them in the media who do the same is that um there are people like you
who are not cracklots who are scientists and physicians long-time researchers with fully
credentialed work histories not too many but a sizable number who will not let go who are
completely dogged in the pursuit of more data about this um so like what do they do with you
and people like you well i think the astonishing thing is that a as you point out small group of
dissidents upended their narrative uptake rates on the new boosters are in the low single digit
i might go so far as to argue that a small group of dissidents is uh dissidents uprooted their
narrative in 2020 in the beginning of 2021 such that in june of 2021 the weaponized piles of money
that were in charge of making this thing work and last as long as it was supposed to last
uh shifted gears by adding these three new players on the show on the scene and said okay Brett your
cue is now and here's Robert Malone and he's going to come on your stream with this dude and here's
your script and you guys are going to say this and then you're going to use a bunch of neurolinguistic
programming to make sure that people see you as both a teacher and a professor and a and a referee
and at some point in this thing that's going to get so heated that i'm going to give a yellow card
all to make it as lively a debate as possible trapped within this limited spectrum of debate
a lively lively discussion and we are just watching the shepherding of that very lively
discussion trapped within the limited spectrum of debate of a novel virus that killed millions
but millions more were saved from that will likely come again because this was gain a function
this is where this narrative is at in 2024 and this is one of the shepherds of it
wittingly or unwittingly i don't really see a possibility of it being unwitting because he is a
bright guy but he's not he's not naive enough to be taken to this level and he knows what i think
because i've told him in a single chit signal chat more than two years ago he knows what i think
and so even if he doesn't believe it's a it's a likely outcome or possibility he knows that it's
an it's on the table and he ignores it oh my goodness they ignore it it is the biology
that everybody ignores it's so a large single digit yes nobody's taken nobody's taken
now i'm troubled by the fact that at the same time we don't see a massive majority acknowledging
the vaccination campaign was mistaken the first place they got it and they don't want to think
about it and i get it i get it um i wouldn't want to think about it either but the problem is
it's a moral obligation i mean we're still injecting these things into kids for god's sake so
it is important to stand up and say i was had and i think all of us were i believe that this
vaccine was likely effective when it first came out and the thing that triggered Heather and me
to question it was the fact that we were also told that it was safe which couldn't possibly be true
might have been harmless but they couldn't say safe because nobody on earth knew what the long
term impacts would be and when so i hope i'm making very clear what i think is being avoided here
the momentum to question the entire vaccine schedule in america was there
and may still be there in the masses in the in the people as they question the entire narrative
they're ready to hear that you know what we're not even sure if the way that they've done the
vaccine schedule in america is really that kosher anymore and for sure they pushed it too early
and for sure they put too many shots on it and it's pretty easy to show you the vaccine schedule
in the Netherlands or the vaccine schedule in Norway and show you that there's quite a disparity here
and they're not overrun with any of these diseases in those countries so maybe we need to
think about it a little bit maybe this profit structure and this this indemnity liability
envelope extends farther into our lives than it should
and anyone worth listening to in my humble opinion that wants to believe
that they are one of these medical dissidents should already be here
because i didn't get here until the late 2022
and so i have no nothing but apologies to offer for how late i got here including to my daughter
and so in my humble opinion anybody that's not taking it this seriously that's not this disturbed
it's not this upset that's not this apologetic that's not this humble as i am right now
it needs to be pressured to to exhibit some humility the only way we get out of this is if not
if we say i told you so it's to really allow everybody to say holy cow i i i fell for it too
and if Brett Weinstein's not willing to say that he fell for it too in 2020 and 2021 but is fully
willing to grift on tucker Carlson as a person who did i have a problem with it
because he should be promoting robert f Kennedy jr for having seen through it and spoken on a
national and international forum about it in 2020 when he was still wearing a bandana on his show
and if you will recall correctly he recorded a podcast in 2021 with
bobby kennedy and didn't release it until 2023
not really playing totally fair i bet what bobby said in november of 2021 on his podcast was
worth playing in november of 2021 but he didn't
these are things that when you line them up like this and they all line up like that you can't ignore
it if stonehenge lines up to the equinox well then it's pretty weird right
if you look back at this track record and he fits the profile for someone who was wittingly or
unwittingly put in front of us to see the worst case scenario narrative then it would be a good
person to put pressure on for him to realize that and maybe apologize for it and maybe roll back
the cameras to 2020 so that we could all see that we were fooled by mass casualty events that
were misconstrued as a spreading novel pathogen but we've got to erase 2020 we've got to forget
about who spoke at that we've got to not say anything about that it's got to start around 2021
when steve kirsch and robert malone came on his podcast and came out for the first time and
established this narrative which was really uh that between vaccines and and ivermectin we
could all hang out without masks and that zero covid was still possible and should be a goal
and that novel combinations of pre-existing drugs could be useful ways to make money off of the
pandemic when you see it clearly it is really really something that we can actually break free
from and these people could help us you say safe you're not uh if i say
i drove home drunk um but i made it without harm so it was safe you know that i have said
something for it yes and in this case even if the thing had turned out to be harmless nobody
could know that it was so it wasn't safe and for them to assure us that it was was alive from the
get-go that's what caused heather and me to start looking into it and the deeper we dug the crazier
the story got not safe and ineffective in fact harmful and shockingly ineffective at everything
that you might want it to be effective at um so the story is uh an odd one the fact that that
small number of dissidents was able to upend the narrative was able to bring people's awareness
to the massive levels of harmony and effectiveness of the shots is in some ways um the most too late
too late most of the people took the shots most of the vulnerable people took two my friends took
two my dead friend took two plus a booster his whole family's boosted
who did you save?
surprising element of the story and i think it truly surprised um bobby could have saved somebody
by speaking out and talking about the lockdowns and then having somebody like me stumble upon
the movie vaxxed and finally have my spell broken bobby could have saved people by speaking out
in germany when he did bobby could have saved people with his with his social media and with with
what they were doing at that time not him wearing a bandana not him advocating for not really going
to people's houses for christmas this year because we're not doing it either that didn't save anybody
in fact that allowed the novel protocols to be used the novel protocols to seem relevant the
novel stories about a novel spreading virus to seem real and i'm not saying that i didn't help
with that too but in 2020 i was saying that whatever it is that's spreading around it's better for
us to take it on our own than it is to take a transfection for it
and it might help some of the people that have already taken it but no one should be taking it
if they're healthy that was my that was my message
and i was still confused in 2021 i fully admit it because i was taken by these people
because these people in 2020 and 2021 didn't see through it because all the people in drastic
did not see through it in fact they were hyper focused on it the people that i was streaming
with at the time in 2020 and streaming about me and having my links on their website those people
were all fully in on worst case scenario just like Brett
and so i apologize for being fooled but the but the ruse was powerful
pharma and its partners in social media and government and on governmental organizations
i think they thought that they owned enough of the media that they could sell us any narrative
that they wished and i think surprising as it is they didn't really understand that podcasts could
possibly be a countervailing force of significance if you own nbc news it's enough you would say
all right you know it's it's it's failing to update from the buying by the barrel
it's totally aphorism um so so what he wants you to actually believe is that podcasts save the world
that podcasts weren't used to see the worst case scenario he wants you to believe that podcasts
are result are the thing that flipped the narrative that cracked the code and that's
totally wrong what i'm trying to tell you is the scooby doo was seeded by podcasts like
joe rogan and brett weinstein and eric weinstein and all these other ones that go underneath it right
down to tim pool and sam cedar who all had their hair on fire about the wrong questions for four
years and still have their hair on fire about the wrong questions in the fifth year
it's only because i learned the biology that i could see through the lies otherwise the
lies seem logical and normal when so many people agree on both sides but what happened was it turned
out that a number of us were willing to make mistakes and correct them in real time to talk
about this in plain english with the public um to do so you know and joe rogan's man cave
and the fact is people listened because of course this was on everybody's mind and what they were
supposed to do to protect you know they've been terrified and they what to do to protect your
family's health was a question that everybody wanted to know the answer to so our ability to
reach millions of people surprised those who thought they were just going to show this narrative down
our throats and this gets me to the the who the world health organization and its pandemic prepared
uh plan modifications what i believe is going on is the world health organization is now revising
the structures that allowed the dissidents to up end the narrative and they are looking for
rematch i think um what they want are the measures that would have allowed them to silence the
podcasters to mandate uh various things internationally in a way that would prevent the emergence of a
control group that would allow us to see harms clearly um so that's the reason that i think
people as much as they want to move on from thinking about covid maybe stop thinking about covid but
do start thinking about what has taken place with respect to medicine with respect to public health
with respect to pharma and ask yourself the question given what you now know would you want to relive
a pandemic like the covid pandemic without the tools that allowed you to ultimately in the
end see clearly that it didn't make sense to take another one of these shots or to have your kids
taken right we want those tools in fact we need them and um something is quietly moving just out
of sight in order that we will not have access to them the next time we face a serious emergency
so you're saying that an international health organization could you stand the first amendment
in the united states yes and in fact um as much as this sounds i know that it sounds per cost
but it does not sound preposter so the ability to do it is currently under discussion at the
international level and it's almost impossible to exaggerate how troubling what is being discussed
is in fact i think it is fair to say that we are in the middle of a coup that we are actually
facing the elimination of our national and our personal sovereignty and that that is the purpose
of what is being constructed that it has been written in such a way that your eyes are supposed
to glaze over as you attempt to sort out what is it what is under discussion and if you do that
then come may of this year your nation is almost certain to sign on to an agreement that in some
utterly vaguely described future circumstance a public health emergency which the director general
of the world health organization has total liberty to define in any way that he sees fit in other
words nothing prevents i think one of the things that i see in the chat that really is true is that
the main tool we didn't need was a mask masks did horrible damage and we've watched a few videos
with the guy named steve hat fill from early 2020 where he was talking about how masks need
to be normalized even for children by masking Barney the dinosaur
Brett Weinstein did not question masks and had a bandana around his neck all the time in his
podcast and advocated for it i did not have the guts to stand up against the masking mandate for
my children i didn't have the the where the you can't ask your kids to stand up against
something like that in schools with with teachers and stuff especially not if it's not their own
idea and my kids even wore masks to play in band with like holes in the front for for the instrument
to come out made by the instrument companies and so we cannot forget 2020 because it was a full year
of shenanigans that this guy and other people did not speak out against
don't you understand that this this mask right here and the videos the hours of videos
from 2020 where Brett Weinstein has a bandana around his neck are all tied together
they're all evidence that this is not the hero that we are looking for it's certainly not the
hero he represents himself as he should at least be humble enough to admit that he was fully taken
in 2020 and didn't speak up early enough and had he spent spoken up early enough he might have
saved some college kids from taking the shots in order to go to parties
this is crucial to understand that there were infinitely more people to save in 2020 than
there were in 2021 and even less in 2022 even less in 2024 where we are now
unless you go to the heart of the matter which is the existing vaccine schedule that's still
rolling on and expanding into old people how far is he going to go questioning that are we really
only going to question the covid shots you know there are sv shots out there now and
pneumonia shots out there now and sickle cell anemia treatments out there now that are i mean come on
guys i'm going to change from being declared a public health emergency that would trigger the
provisions of these modifications and in the case that some emergency or some pretense of an emergency
shows up the provisions that would kick so why would we worry about the who and we could just
change the prep act and get out of the who entirely why worry about what who the decision is who's
making what is his what is his argument here should we dispel the seed dismiss the cdc
should we get rid of the prep act should we install uh strict liability to all pharmaceutical products
should we get rid of the 1986 vaccine act what's his solution for the problem of the who should we
get out of the who treaty because there are a lot of things that are inside of the united states
controlled by united states people and united states voters that could be changed that would
supersede our allegiance to the who presumably making a bunch of fuss about the who when we
should be trying to change laws in the united states to make the who irrelevant don't you think
or am i just an idiot tell me i'm an idiot in the chat and then what we should be doing instead
that would be great can are um beyond john dropper so before you get into it and i just want to thank
you by the way for taking the time to go through this proposal because you're absolutely right
it's it's impenetrable it's designed to be to cloak what they're saying rather than limited um what's
it called well the funny thing is actually i was looking um this morning to find out what
the current name is and the names have actually been shifted slightly clearly a feature oh it's a
shape shifting yeah it it so what i would do in order and and i it's unclear to me how much that's
just simply designed to confuse somebody who tries to sort it out and how much that's designed to
for example um game the search engine technology that might allow you to crack the changes because
to the extent of the name has shifted um so i call it the um world health organization pandemic
preparedness plan right and what is under discussion uh are some modifications to the global
public health regulations and modifications to an existing treaty but all of this makes it sound
minor and procedural what has been proposed are uh and again the number of things included here
is incredible it's hard even for those of us who have been focused on this to track all of the
important things under discussion and to deduce the meaning of some of the more subtle provisions but
they uh the world health organization and its signatory nations will um be allowed to define
a public health emergency uh any basis that having declared one they will be entitled to
mandate remedies the remedies that are named include um vaccines gene therapy technology is
literally named in uh the set of things that the world health organization is going to reserve
the right to mandate um that it will be in a position to um require these things of citizens
that it will be in a position to uh dictate our ability to travel in other words passports that
would be predicated on one having accepted uh these technologies are um clearly being described
it would have the ability to forbid the use of other medications so this looks like they're
preparing for a rerun where they can just simply take iromactin hydroxychloroquine off the table
um they also have reserved the ability to dictate how these uh measures are discussed
that censorship is described here as well the right to dictate that's that of course misinformation
is how they're going to describe it well in fact when asked we pause and play a sound bite from
Tedros um in which he alluded to this and i want to get your assessment here we continue to see
misinformation on social media and in mainstream media about the pandemic accord that countries
are now negotiating the claim that the accord will see power to WHO is quite simply false
it's fact news countries will decide what the accord says and countries alone and countries will
implement the accord in line with their own national laws no country will see any sovereignty to WHO
if any politician business person or anyone at all is confused about what the pandemic accord is
and isn't we would be more than happy to discuss it and explain it so he's gonna be more than happy
to discuss and explain the misinformation that you're yeah that is no spreading that is comforting
um well on the one hand i must i had not seen that and um it is tremendously good news actually
what it means is that once again we have managed to raise awareness of something in time that
there is uh conceivably a better out how does it matter whether it's legally
obligating to follow the edicts of the who or if the public health apparatus that we have in our
country is voluntarily going to follow the who if the who declares a pandemic
are you making it are you making these organizations like the cdc and the fda to have a uh a viable
excuse why they have to do it are you trying to take away the blame from the fact that those are
american organizations filled with americans that can all make american decisions they're not robots
that the congress could take away funding could take away power could just write them out
that we could get rid of the prep act so that the entire health and human services part of the
of the executive branch can never declare an emergency again and so then with the who declares
an emergency we don't have a legislative mechanism by which to do it so it won't matter
and those are all things that are accessible within our own system we don't need to have
anybody at the who we don't need to fund the who we can just get out we can change our laws we can
say thanks very much for playing have a nice day but instead we're seeming to be told we don't
have much choice and what we have to accept and we have a very limited spectrum of debate in terms
of discussion about what can be done to stop it but it's a very lively discussion a very lively
discussion i'm still available to us there's books enough to bother live there's there's
you couldn't have said it more accurately yes those were clearly lies and of course his saying
that into a camera is supposed to convince you you know nobody could possibly lie so directly so
there must be some truth in what he's saying which is of course nonsense and anybody who goes back to
you uh an awful as compendium of various things that people have said into cameras over the course
of covid that they then swear they didn't say you know months later um knows that these folks
are very comfortable at saying totally false things into a camera it doesn't cause them to
to think twice or sweat or anything um but it's great that we have managed to raise enough awareness
that Tedros is actually addressing uh our spreading of what it actually is is malinformation um you're
aware of this uh the distinction no yeah oh it's beautiful so i was i was i'm so old that i was
still stuck in the truth or falsehood binary yeah where what mattered was whether it was true or
no no no the malinformation is actually exactly what you need to know about to see um how antiquated
that notion is because um this was actually the department of homeland security actually issued
a memo um in which it defined three kinds of i think not terrorism misdiss and malinformation
misinformation our errors uh disinformation our intentional errors lies and malinformation
are things that are based in truth but cause you to distrust authority
he's been casting this spell for quite some time on his podcast repeating these definitions
reciting them rewording them and so this is just in a continuation of that ongoing enchantment
for everybody to accept that these terms exist and to have to compartmentalize your thoughts
into these compartments to make it even harder for you to process reality it's an enchantment
that you can just ignore there's only truth in lies oh information is what you commit when you
catch the blind yes um exactly um yeah it is discussing the lies of your your government
is malinformation and therefore a kind of terrorism which i should point out as funny as that is and
as obviously Orwellian as that is it's also terrifying because if you have tracked the history of the
spreading tyranny from the beginning of the war on terror you know the terrorism is not a normal
english word the way it once was terrorism is now a legal designation that causes all of your
rights to evaporate so at the point of the department of homeland security says that you are guilty
of a kind of terrorism for saying true things that cause you to distrust your government they're
also telling you something about what rights they have to silence you they're not normal rights so
these things are all terrifying and i do think as much as my jaws open the the covid pandemic
caused us to become aware of a lot of structures that had been built around us something that
former nsa officer william beanie once described as the turnkey totalitarian state the totalitarian
state is erected around you but it's not activated and then once it's built the key gets turned and so
we are now seeing i believe something that even out strips william beanie's description because
it's the turnkey totalitarian planet right the world health organization is above the level of
nations and it's going to be in a position if these provisions pass to dictate to nations how
they are to treat their own citizens to override their constitutions despite what teddress has
told you um so that is we don't need to surrender to that not apparently about health what i think
has happened is the fact of a possible pandemic causes a loophole in the mind it's not a loophole
in our governance documents our constitution doesn't describe exemptions from your rights during
time of a pandemic emergency your rights simply are what they are and they're not supposed to go
anywhere just because there's a disease spreading but nonetheless people's willingness to accept
the erosion of their rights because of a public health emergency um has allowed this tyranny to
to use it as a Trojan horse yes and i think that's also it's something people need to become aware of
that uh there are a number of features of our environment that are um basically they are blind
spots that we can't see past the vaccine was one and i know i wasn't an enthusiast about vaccines
i still believe deeply in the elegance of vaccines as they should exist but i'm now very alarmed at
how they are produced and i'm even more alarmed at what has been called a vaccine that doesn't
meet the definition right that because many of us believe that vaccines were an extremely elegant
low harm high efficacy method of preventing disease when they called this mRNA technology
a vaccine many of us um gave it more credibility than we should have if they had called it a gene
transfection technology we would have thought wait what you know that that's that sounds highly
novel and it sounds dangerous and how much do we know about the long-term implications but because
they called it a vaccine people were much readily much much more willing to to extend so the vaccines
are fine the vaccine schedule is fine and as i told you before now you can see why he's not a
genuinely intellectually progressing person you can't have bobby kennedy in your house
for for a he had him in his house in person interview in 2021 you can't talk to him about
vaccines and think well vaccines are still a miracle best thing sent the wheel and airplanes
you have to have some question and then he had three years two more years to research what bobby
told him took him 14 months to show the podcast and apparently he still hasn't figured out
that the vaccine schedule in america is at least sketchy compared to other vaccine schedules
even if you want to believe that at the heart of it there's some kind of functional
therapeutic that actually has some general benefit for the kids it prevents them from getting certain
diseases the way that they are applied in america the earliest and the frequency is obviously wrong
any biologist would see that and you don't have to come to the conclusion that the vaccine
schedule is wholly criminal to think that i'm not even asking him to think that
even though that's what i think i'm just asking him to question the vaccine schedule in general
as part of this public health apparatus that apparently he's so sure is criminal at least
the covid part and the pandemic part
this is the exact way that the past will be forgotten the erasure will be forgotten
and the lie will become the truth it's exactly the way it's going to happen we must wake up now
accept it public health function is the same way um if you think about it public health
and step back a second your relationship with your doctor your personal health uh
ought to be very important to you but there are ways in which things that happen at a
population level affect your personal health and your doctor's not in position to do anything
about it so somebody dumping pollution into a stream from which you're pulling fish you know
you might detect the harm at the population level you might need a regulation at a population level
in order to protect you your doctor's not in position when you have pills or correct it so
the idea that public health is potentially a place to improve all of our well-being is real
but once you decide that there's something above doctors relative to your health then that can
be an excuse for all manner of tyranny public health has been um adopted it's like uh it's like
the sheep's clothing that has allowed the wolf to go after our rights because in theory it's
trying to protect us from harms that we would like to be protected and it generates such
fear it's a huge scale and so they're they're questioning public health and they're anti-vax
as long as they're not anti-vax they're anti-covid vax but not anti-vax and that's okay that's the
dance they're going to do that's the dance they're all allowed to do
I think that's the dance that that Bobby Kennedy has very cleverly done for the last several years
where he doesn't say that the vaccine schedule should be bad or good he wants it tested and I
think he knows fully well that when it's tested of course if the results are going to be devastatingly
bad for vaccine efficacy and for vaccine advocates like Brett Weinstein and his wife and it will be
proven that these things are at best uh poisonous placebos toxic placebos
with not a uniform set of toxic possibilities because of the whole compounding nature of our
biology and the absurdity of trying to augment the immune system with any combination of substances
injected intramuscularly I don't think we need to watch any more of this I'll watch some more of
it later and see if anything relevant in the last 15 minutes is there I'll make another show tomorrow
I'm going to be online a lot in the next few weeks or so I think barring any I'm not going to make
any promises for streaks don't forget that this is where we are right we are we are at year five
of an ongoing RNA viral pandemic according to the TV and it's still evolving and in fact
not only is it still evolving but with the gene told very very alarming because the mutations
are no longer restricted to spike root it is evolving and jn1 is very dangerous especially
in highly vaccinated countries so we could see another wave of giant spread and all kinds of
sick people and we're being told that by somebody who used to work for sepe and govi and billamill
indicates foundation in his design vaccine since he became a veterinarian and has no way
and no way shape or form ever going to question the possibilities that deaths due to protocols
and deaths due to lies are going to outweigh the deaths due to the novel virus that's still
circulating because his whole career is based on the idea that RNA viruses can circulate for years
and so like it or not we're on this road and every time we get picked up by a car and think
okay now this person knows what they're talking about they don't they can't summarize the whole
picture they can't tell you exactly how bad it is that we were fooled by how many people
and what the real motivations are they can only tell you that bears is obviously something we
got to pay attention to and the spike proteins got all these different things involved in it
and the variants are oh my gosh are they interesting just like the fear and cleavage site was super
interesting for a year and a half that we don't talk about it anymore he had 2020 and 2021 we're
almost exclusively debating the spike protein and its fear and cleavage site and what that meant
and that all happened before Robert Malone and Steve Kirsch courageously came out on Brett
Weinstein's podcast to announce that we didn't need to use masks if we were double vaccinated or
had the super secret formula for ivermectin treatment prophylactically
Welcome to the new world order ladies and gentlemen where podcasts are used to
close the limited spectrum of debate and podcasts are where the lively discussion within the
spectrum of debate that encases us in the presuppositions of the system that's why new world order
with the bats is just perfect that's where they want my children to be and your children to be
and we cannot let them we just simply cannot it has to be the goal of every parent that's alive
right now to make sure that their children are not caught up in this new world order mythology
about pandemic viruses and about ever evolving vaccine technology
and we have to do it before the lie becomes the truth it's already the truth on television ladies
and gentlemen it's already the truth on social media it's just not the truth in everyone's head yet
one way to do it would be to talk about the illusion of the infectious cycle the crazy cartoons of the
infectious cycle and to talk about the analogy of tapes versus CDs for the replication of RNA
so that people can start to understand that a story about an RNA that can go around the world
from a mud puddle or from an uncleaned up spill underneath a raccoon dog's cage in a live animal
market and circulate the globe for five years and now being the dominant variant JN1
that we got because we vaccinated too many people in a pandemic according to
so for many many years now if not decades they have been short cutting this problem and taking these
signatures of RNA that they support to find in the wild and translating them into DNA for all we
know they're just running experiments on bio bioweapons technologies and calling it a wild virus
because they have the technology to make these DNA constructs they have the technology to make
the technology to put these cDNA equivalents of RNAs into plasmids and grow quantities of them
in bacterial culture we know they can do that because this is the same procedure that was used
to generate all of the spike protein for spike backs all of the spike protein for enovial all
the spike protein for for all of these things all the mRNA was made this way
and you can get that RNA by combining this DNA plasmids with an RNA polymerase in cell
culture or in electroporation methods to get that RNA out once you have that RNA it will be the
purest form of viral RNA that anyone can create you can't create this pure form by putting a
patient sample on a cell culture you can't create this pure form by putting a patient sample in a
mouse and you can't store a patient sample and then create more pure form from it
the only way you can do all of those things is with a DNA clone and generate the RNA from it
that's the only way that you can make industrial quantities of an RNA it's the only way that such
a uniform RNA signal could possibly have been real around the world maybe it wasn't maybe it was
but the only way that it could be is with this technology and all of these people know
it's the biology that's very easy for them to ignore
and even the ones in this picture that do know it are very hesitant to try and explain it very
hesitant to bring it up and certainly very hesitant to say that i'm the one who taught
him that biology i'm the one who convinced him that it was right i'm the one who convinced him
that the scooby-doo was happening and how thorough it could be despite the efforts of everyone in
the worst case scenario team and despite the efforts that were i think some of the people who were
pushing the no virus narrative were doing it in such a way that made it harder for us to come to
this conclusion that's what i think and i'm going to keep saying it because these people were rude
and it's not all of them were Alex Zeck was a pretty cool guy
so here we are faith in a novel virus too it's still trapped in it and our children are the ones
that need rescuing we don't care about these adults we care about our children we care about
college kids we need to rescue them now and the people who can rescue them are doctors
people who are can rescue them are people with academic positions that didn't wake up until
recently could now start speaking up academic biologists could now start speaking up if they
just watch my show and realize holy man was i dumb wouldn't that be great wouldn't that be great if
people could get to realize that we don't know anything about the background before 2020 what
if they were lying to us what if they were lying to us they didn't even use nested primers
i use the train analogy because of that that mime thing but i use the train analogy because once
the train leaves the station with our kids we're not going to be able to get them off the train
once they leave the house and go to college and buy into the testing to go to parties
and wearing masks in class and different codes of levels of infection on on campus they're already
on the train and they're accepting the vaccine schedule for their kids and they're accepting
registering their kids genetics and medical data for the NIH because it's what we do together we're
all of one this is the way out advocate for the pause really the end of the modern vaccination
schedule in america and we can end it by requiring strict liability that'll already
end it all by itself but investigate the use of deadly protocols to orchestrate this investigate
the use of normal molecular biological tools to seed the molecular biological signal that was
misconstrued as a has a pandemic take back the sovereignty of your family and take back our country
from the who and the and the cdc and the un and how to see the medlers is to see that none of them
will ever question the vaccine schedule they won't do it for the next three years they also won't
ever use the word strict liability for all pharmaceutical products because it's that's too easy that
explains it to a gas station attendant and that gas station attendant can repeat it to their
lawyer friend and the lawyer friend will go whoa where did you learn those words strict liability
for all pharmaceutical products fixed is this problem and if we would they would use the word
transfection before now in 2024 they might have saved a whole hell of a lot of lives they were
here in me and lit reading me use the word transfection in 2020 and I didn't figure out the word clone
until 2022 but boy did that send everybody to bat shit crazy world that's really when all these
people exposed themselves for who they were how nuts all of the people went even some of the good
guys like people who worked for the human genome project were totally into the dissident movement
and helping everybody forward suddenly freaked out and blocked me on twitter because I explained
that clones are the only way this could have been done it's the only way coronavirus biology is done
they attack me instead of talking about my ideas and they are unable to summarize across the
entire show and in fact they don't want to talk about 2020 or 2021 at all that's how you can see
who's at at work and who's really fighting
ladies and gentlemen we are at a time point when genetic diversity is at a peak as far
as their plan goes and they want to sample it they want to sample your kids and your grandkids
this is their last 30 years it's a multi-generational war they don't care about us they care about our
kids and my kids still go to a school where all the teachers believe and most of the parents believe
and a lot of them are still testing so maybe we've got to advocate for stop testing as well
I don't know what we can do about it other than stand up for the people who stood up in 2020
I think that's our best bet and so if if Bobby Kennedy gets a bunch of things wrong I you know
that's the way politics is that's the way imperfect candidates are but in 2020 he got that right
and there are a lot of people who got it right in 2020 that people are still ignoring and instead
people like Brett Weinstein and Steve Kirsch and Robert Malone and all these other people have
been soaking up the spotlight doing world tours having big meetings in Romania
while the show keeps going on ladies and gentlemen stop transfections and healthy humans because
they are trying to eliminate the control group by any means necessary
intramuscular injection of any combination of substances with the intent of augmenting the
immune system is dumb transfection and healthy humans is criminally negligent and viruses are
not patterned integrity I love you all very much we have a new record for the number of people
showing up at this show please share my work as often as as widely as you can if you can afford
please subscribe to the channel I need all the financial support that I can get
just because I want to try and extend this and push this out farther and put more and more work
into it in order to justify that to everybody in my life I need to I need to be able to move
forward so hopefully everybody out there that wants to is helping and everybody that can is
sharing that's all I can really say the people that are subscribing right now at least the last
list that I made is right here there probably have been a few people in the last couple days
but things have been really busy and we had a game today and we have a game tomorrow so I don't
know if I'm gonna be able to update this until Monday but I will again thanks to everybody a
special shout out to Greg James one of my all-time most important supporters and somebody who's been
more than generous with my family and my work come in supporting it and continues to be that way
thanks very much everybody for joining me and I will see you again tomorrow and Sunday
we have a game that too so it'll probably be around the same time right before right after dinner
thanks very much and that's it this is the website I'll see you guys
yeah I don't know what to say other than I'm going to start putting them on rumble regularly
now it'll be the replays but I fix something in my thing please leave a voicemail if you've got a
question or something like that that I miss in the chat and again if you can afford to become a
regular subscriber a producer or an annual collaborator that would just be absolutely fantastic because
if this program can become independent it will be an almost unstoppable force and so
I really want that be well see you tomorrow